I want her dead.
No one can touch Jade Morris now.
She's got the Morris gang and the Palmer family behind her. You know that.
I know Elise is hunting you for Michael's death.
Do you really want to spend the rest of your days on the run?
Just think about it. If Dominic and Jade stay together.
You won't belong before the Palmer family joins the hunt.
So what are you suggesting?
You kill Jade and her men.
And I'll give you insider information on the Palmer family.
As long as you spare Dominic.
You can deal with the rest however you want.
Aren't you afraid that Dominic's gonna hate you for this?
You know how much the mob just spices rats.
I'd rather risk his hatred than watching love another woman.
What do you say? Ready to collaborate?
Why not?
Good. I'll send you the information later on.
You crazy stupid woman.
Dominic is my biggest enemy.
There's no way I'll let him live.